Yeah, a lot of work there, Darko Djebi. What a chance for Guddu and perhaps the best of the lot and the closest of the lot, that's for sure. It's a sort of, he had a period where he was scoring almost every week for Manchester City towards the end of his first spell and in this kind of position... Sends out the signal, delivers the ball and they've scored. And the power in the air, it's Talavierov who makes them go wild with delight at the Plymouth end. He keeps his calm. Simple set piece, straightforward header but it's a goal against Manchester City. The struggling Championship side, Plymouth Argyle who've knocked out Brentford, who've knocked out Liverpool and now they've taken the lead against Manchester City. He's only been playing with a couple of them for a short period. Credit to the board at Plymouth who really backed the transfers for a cup run but for staying in the Championship. Here's De Bruyne and he hasn't got a touch to that. He knew where the space was, he'd laid it back to Grinish and then made the run down the outside and the pass back to him was inch perfect. Very good save. Good save, fingertips. De Bruyne takes it and the header is a very successful one from Nico O'Reilly. It is 1-1, those extra few seconds have been used very profitably. Ronaldo Silva making it wide. Makati keeps it going for City. Gundogan advancing with pace. Still going, the German. It's a great stop in the end. In the end. Absolutely. Manchester City's new side against West Bromwich Albion on Thursday night in the NBA Youth Cup. City winning 5-0. Very good players in that team. De Bruyne trying to loft it in. Spectacular that would have been from Lewis. Foden. Once again it's Nico O'Reilly that's getting into the box. Grinish. Harlan coming round the back. Goalkeeper's kept it out but it's followed up by Bernardo Silva. Yeah, very good ball here from Jack Grinish. Just going to be on the fast end of the half. Does well to keep it out there. Swings his mind back on it now, it's a deeper one. And in the end, Nico O'Reilly at the double here. Well all this talk about Manchester City, a group of players growing old. They've got some kids. They'll certainly get their first. What's in his mind here? He slipped as he had the shot. Line one up again for De Bruyne. Job done. Not been easy. At Manchester City. 95 minutes even in defeat here. Yeah we say, well organised. He's got a shape to them. They were a slight threat in the first half when the centre forward was holding up the play. But they're a credit as we said. The manager's done brilliantly. Hopefully they can stay in the championship. Great respect for both coaches there.