He farts when he wants! He farts when he wants! Jamie Carragher, he farts when he wants! I'm Kate Scott, alongside these three who are all rooting hard for their teams tonight. Arsenal legend Thierry Henry, Dortmund's man of the people Jamie Carragher, and the player that Aston Villa fans will never forget, Big Meeks, Micah Richards. Thanks for that. Let's start with the one between Real Madrid and Atletico, being played at the Bernabeu, so in Real Madrid Stadium, 1-1 is the score at the halfway point. Let's go through the goals in this one. It's been a cracker! Titi, take us away! Ah, America, cracker doesn't mean what you think it means either. Arsenal chat now. Thierry, think it's only right? Kate, can I just interrupt you? Yes? I just wanted to say something. I don't mean you have a laugh and a joke, don't we, now and again? Are we apologising for something? No, it's not quite an apology. I'm going to give you your flowers. Oh. Who told you to... No, no, no, no, no. Who told you to do this? We know we're not far away from MECs, and so, you know, I know you're in the running. There's been a tape made, you know, about yourself to go in there. It doesn't mean I'm in the running. And for me... And for you. No, for me, I think you should come away with that award. And, you know, fingers crossed it goes well for you. I think it's something that you deserve. And also, this man on my right. How fortunate are we that we have got one of the great minds in football. He's not a coach at the moment, but provides that analysis on the show. And on my left, a man of great integrity. Even though he's a club ambassador for Manchester City, he shows no bias. The integrity just shines through constantly. He doesn't have big makes for it. It's always there. Exactly. Kevin De Bruyne, look at that. Proper fan. It's a proper haircut. So, basically, that whole thing you did with me and Thierry was just... Oh, forget all that. You're part of the set. Got it. Nice. Come back. Join us. You know the slogan? What is the slogan now? Stay with us. Good evening, everyone. Good to have you with us. Is that a private joke, is it? You want to share with the rest of us? Respect my nose, that's all I'm going to say. Again? Again? Jamie? No. Oh, my word. Well, I'm down this end of the table and I'm good. I can't smell anything. It's been all night, Jamie, man. Go to the toilet. Vicky, let's talk about Dortmund, please. Wrong red. This could be very short, let's say. Short part. Jamie? Sort your stomach out. It's not my stomach. Honestly, it's nothing to do with me. That is dreadful. Honestly. I nearly lost my eyesight. Oh, God. Nando's didn't agree with you tonight. Honestly. My hands are watery. Oh, my God. Can we hold it together for the rest of the segment? Why we hold it together? I'm holding everything. I haven't done anything here. Even my breath. Pick on the Scouser. Cos you don't pick on anyone. More clumsy than reckless, would you say? Been a lot of that on this show. We'll do what we can during the break to find some Febreze, righting things up in here a little bit, shall we? We're going to go to a break. We still have another game to talk about afterwards. Hello, good evening. Bit of a train wreck tonight. If you enjoy messy television, you're in the right place. You might be wondering why half the studio has vacated the desk. Well, let's ask him. Let's ask the boys. Why are you sitting over there? Wow. I wish my nose could talk. Jamie! Did it continue? I don't know what he's been eating, but it's disgusting. I'm staying here. I nearly got a nosebleed. Jamie? New brand ambassador deal for you, perhaps, so Nando's on the way. Flying wasp killer. I think it was the sauce. The sauce got out. What did you get, extra hot? Spicy. Oh. That's where you went wrong. Don't do it again. Well, your night is about to get worse, Jamie Carragher. You've got to be very careful what you wish for in life. You asked us to do a poll. Who is the most replaceable pundit on the show? And the voters have spoken. Our audience says... Poll results are in. Can we pull them up? Let's take a look. It'll be interesting, this, won't it? It's not me. It's definitely not Titi. 62% of the votes... Wow! ..goes to Jamie Carragher. Wow. He farts when he wants! He farts when he wants! Jamie Carragher, he farts when he wants! We crashed off cable TV. That's my fault. I was supposed to say goodbye. He farts when he wants! He farts when he wants! Jamie Carragher, he farts when he wants! They nut you. I think it was superb, Guillaume, but I would like to ask you, what's it going to be like in Madrid, leading up to that second leg, please, sir? Well, obviously, we're going to analyse for the next three or four days to the detail every single second that happened in that game. There wasn't much controversy, really. The referee was absolutely fantastic. But there will be talk about Brahim. He was superb, wasn't he? And now Real Madrid don't have to worry about the absence of Ceballos, but Bellingham should be back, in which case that makes it for a better Real Madrid. And in the case of Atletico Madrid, it's not enough to play well, is it? It's enough to score more, and perhaps be a little bit more offensive, more brave, which they weren't, really, in the last 35 minutes. So, back to you, Micah. Guillaume, do you prefer my questions or Kate's? Hold on, hold on. See you next week, Guillaume! No, that's a bad answer! Back to you. Hold on one second. Wait. What did you show him on your phone before he asked that question? Do you prefer my questions or Kate's? You needed Jamie to come up with that. Well, no, he's just, you know, a team player, no? Kate is the best in the business. Aww, thanks, Guillaume. Wow. Well, hurry up and take us to a break, Kate. No, it's not my job, it's yours. OK. We'll be back. Oh, the jib? Where's the jib? Oh, there we go! Stay with us! We'll be back, right back in a minute. Stay with us. Jamie, you're going to start us off. Yes, I'm going to start on this side, and we've got PSV v Arsenal. The Arsenal will go through. Real Madrid, Atletico, was a really tough one, we're going to look at that game tonight, but I think Real Madrid's experience will just get them through. PSG, Liverpool, another tight one, no doubt, but the Mighty Reds will go through. Club Bruges, Aston Villa, I'm going to go with Aston Villa to go through there. And as we just reverse back here, I'm going to go Benfica, Barcelona, Barcelona go through for me, no doubt. Dortmund in last year's final, really one of the surprise packages that Dortmund's experience go through. Leverkusen, Bayern, is a real tough one. I'm going to go for my mate Xabi Alonso, just to get the edge on his mate Vincent Kompany. Feyenoord, Inter, I think might be a little bit of a mismatch, I'm going to go for Internationale to go through there. So, am I going this side now? No, you stay this side, Jamie. Barcelona, Dortmund, Barcelona are a far better team, they're going to go through. Leverkusen, Inter, I'm going to go for Internationale there, that would be a great semi-final. On this side, I'm going to go for Real Madrid to beat Arsenal, and I'm going to go for Liverpool to beat Aston Villa comfortably in that semi-final. Then, I'm going to go for Real Madrid in the final to beat my beloved Liverpool. Unfortunately, on this side, I'm going to go for Barcelona over Internationale, so we've got maybe the dream final, a classical final. Who wins? Even though Barcelona have got the better of Real Madrid a lot this season, I'm going to go for winners, Real Madrid. PSV, the Arsenal, the Arsenal. Real Madrid, Atlético, just Real Madrid. PSG, Liverpool, I think it's going to be a tight game, but I've gone with Liverpool. Brugge, Brugge, Aston Villa, I've gone with Villa. Let me moonwalk over here. This side, I've gone with Barcelona here. I've gone with Dortmund, Lil, Dortmund. And then Bayern, Leverkusen, I agree with you. I agree with you. I've gone with Leverkusen, final, Inter. Vinny won't be happy. It doesn't matter, it's my brackets, I'll do what I want. Inter, let's stay this side. Barcelona or Dortmund, I've gone with Barcelona. And then Leverkusen, Inter, I've gone with Inter. Let's go to the semi-final over this side. Arsenal, Real Madrid. Unfortunately, Arsenal, Real Madrid. Liverpool, Villa, I've gone with Liverpool. Now we're going to the semi-final. It's tough. Barca, Inter, I've gone with just Inter. Real Madrid, Liverpool, I've gone with Real Madrid. And then final. Final, what were you thinking? Inter Milan or Real Madrid? I've got to go with my boy, Kylian Mbappe. Real Madrid. Peter, what have you got? Oh, Peter, before you start... Very, very similar on one side. So if we go to that left side, of course in that game, PSV-Arsenal, I'm going to go Arsenal. And the Madrid derby, I just think Real Madrid is a better team in this tournament, so I'm going to go for Real Madrid. Now the next one is a tough one, but I'm going there tomorrow, by the way. Paris, PSG, against Liverpool, I'm going for Liverpool. And then Brugge, Aston Villa, I think that's probably one of the easier ones. Aston Villa, for absolutely sure. Benfica, Barcelona, I think we've had some incredible games against those two teams earlier on, but I'm going to go with Barcelona. Dortmund, as well as the boys there. But then I'm going to go with Bayern Munich over Leverkusen. And I was looking for a surprise, and that surprise I think will come in this game. I'm going for Feyenoord over Inter. I am, yes. I want to win the brackets. If I get this right, I'll win the brackets. Right, moving on. Barcelona, Dortmund. I actually think that Dortmund will win this one. Yes. Wow. And then in the next one... Wow. Did he ever have the ball? I have. But don't forget, don't forget, I've got it right more times than not. Bayern Munich against Feyenoord, I think Bayern Munich will go through there. And on the other side, Arsenal, Real Madrid, of course Real Madrid, I think they are so strong. And Liverpool will beat Aston Villa, and that means that we have, for me, a final between Real Madrid because they're going to beat Liverpool in the semifinal. And I think that Bayern will beat Borussia Dortmund in that semifinal. And the winner will be, for me, Bayern Munich, they're playing the final at home. Home stadium. They will win the Champions League. Let's go. PSV, Arsenal, same as everybody, I've got Arsenal, Real Madrid, yet ultimately have too much class for Atletico Madrid. They go through Liverpool to complete against PSG this season, even though PSG are flying. And then Aston Villa, same as everybody else there. Barcelona go through against Benfica Dortmund, will have too much for Lille. Bayern, Leverkusen, tricky, but I picked Leverkusen, I believe. Yes, I did. And Inter go through against Feyenoord. Then we go back, semifinal. So Real Madrid, yes, beat Arsenal. Liverpool beat Villa. This side, I believe I said Barcelona, go through against BVB. Did I say Leverkusen or Inter? I really can't remember. Leverkusen, I think? No, Inter. All right, never mind. Forgot that. Real Madrid, yeah, I do have them beating Liverpool. They go through to the final. Barcelona go through to the final. We get the El Clasico and then Real Madrid. You just copied mine. That's not the same as yours. It's exactly the same. Are you stalking me?